#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
absl-py==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   keras
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-intel
aiohappyeyeballs==2.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
aiohttp==3.10.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datasets
    #   fsspec
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic
anyio==4.6.2.post1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   starlette
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorflow-intel
attrs==24.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
blinker==1.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
build==1.2.2.post1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pip-tools
certifi==2024.8.30
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
    #   pip-tools
    #   uvicorn
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   build
    #   click
    #   tqdm
datasets==3.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
dill==0.3.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datasets
    #   multiprocess
et-xmlfile==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   openpyxl
fastapi==0.115.4
    # via -r requirements.in
filelock==3.16.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
flask==3.0.3
    # via -r requirements.in
flatbuffers==24.3.25
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorflow-intel
frozenlist==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec[http]==2024.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
gast==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorflow-intel
google-pasta==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorflow-intel
grpcio==1.67.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-intel
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   uvicorn
h5py==3.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   keras
    #   tensorflow-intel
huggingface-hub==0.26.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datasets
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   requests
    #   yarl
itsdangerous==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
    #   torch
keras==3.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorflow-intel
libclang==18.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorflow-intel
markdown==3.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorboard
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jinja2
    #   werkzeug
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   markdown-it-py
ml-dtypes==0.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   keras
    #   tensorflow-intel
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sympy
multidict==6.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
multiprocess==0.70.16
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datasets
namex==0.0.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   keras
networkx==3.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   torch
numpy==2.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datasets
    #   h5py
    #   keras
    #   ml-dtypes
    #   pandas
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-intel
    #   transformers
openpyxl==3.1.5
    # via -r requirements.in
opt-einsum==3.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorflow-intel
optree==0.13.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   keras
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   build
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   keras
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-intel
    #   transformers
pandas==2.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datasets
pip-tools==7.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
propcache==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   yarl
protobuf==5.28.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-intel
pyarrow==18.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datasets
pydantic==2.9.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
pydantic-core==2.23.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic
pygments==2.18.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   rich
pyproject-hooks==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   build
    #   pip-tools
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
pytz==2024.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
regex==2024.11.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   transformers
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   tensorflow-intel
    #   transformers
rich==13.9.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   keras
safetensors==0.4.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   transformers
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   astunparse
    #   google-pasta
    #   python-dateutil
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-intel
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
starlette==0.41.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
sympy==1.13.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   torch
tensorboard==2.18.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorflow-intel
tensorboard-data-server==0.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorboard
tensorflow==2.18.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tensorflow-intel==2.18.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorflow
tensorflow-io-gcs-filesystem==0.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorflow-intel
termcolor==2.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorflow-intel
tokenizers==0.20.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   transformers
torch==2.5.1
    # via -r requirements.in
tqdm==4.67.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
transformers==4.46.2
    # via -r requirements.in
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   optree
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   tensorflow-intel
    #   torch
tzdata==2024.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
urllib3==2.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
uvicorn==0.32.0
    # via -r requirements.in
werkzeug==3.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
    #   tensorboard
wheel==0.45.0
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   pip-tools
wrapt==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorflow-intel
xxhash==3.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datasets
yarl==1.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
